Add reference to new blogpost to multithreading blogpost. (#1921)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: blog/2023/07/PSA-dont-use-threadid.md

## The buggy pattern

> Partially due to the evolving history of our parallel and concurrent interfaces[^historynote], some Julia programmers have been writing *incorrect* parallel code that contains the possibility of race conditions which can give wrong results. This pattern has even been erroneously recommended in [previous official julia blogposts](2019/07/multithreading#thread-local-state). It is important for the stability and correctness of the ecosystem that these usages are identified and fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
Partially due to the evolving history of our parallel and concurrent interfaces[^historynote], some Julia programmers have been writing *incorrect* parallel code that contains the possibility of race conditions which can give wrong results. This pattern has even been erroneously recommended in [previous official julia blogposts](/2019/07/multithreading#thread-local-state). It is important for the stability and correctness of the ecosystem that these usages are identified and fixed.
```

> Partially due to the evolving history of our parallel and concurrent interfaces[^historynote], some Julia programmers have been writing *incorrect* parallel code that contains the possibility of race conditions which can give wrong results. This pattern has even been erroneously recommended in [previous official julia blogposts](/blog/2019/07/multithreading#thread-local-state). It is important for the stability and correctness of the ecosystem that these usages are identified and fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
Partially due to the evolving history of our parallel and concurrent interfaces[^historynote], some Julia programmers have been writing *incorrect* parallel code that contains the possibility of race conditions which can give wrong results. This pattern has even been erroneously recommended in [previous official julia blogposts](/blog/2019/07multithreading/#thread-local_state). It is important for the stability and correctness of the ecosystem that these usages are identified and fixed.
```
